Winter or Summer?

While walking: Music or Podcasts?

Cake or Pie?

You accidentally ate some radioactive pizza. The good news is it tasted great! The even better news is that it’s given you one superpower of your choice. What do you choose?

What is your favorite combination of colors?

What’s worse: Laundry or Dishes?

Amusement Park or Day at the Beach?

At a movie: Candy or Popcorn?

Would you rather give up breakfast, lunch, or dinner…forever?

Pen or Pencil?

Cups in the cupboard: Right Side Up or Up Side Down?

Pancake or Waffle?

What activity calms you down and makes you feel at peace with the world?

Coffee or Tea?

Do you put your cereal in the bowl before the milk or the milk in before the cereal?

You discover a beautiful island where you decide to build a new society. What is the first rule you put in place?

Ocean or Mountains?

Horror Movie or Comedy Movie?

City or Countryside?

Sweater or Hoodie?

If humans started colonizing Mars, would you volunteer to move there? Why or why not?

Book or eBook?

Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?

Who would win: Ninjas or Pirates?

If our state was represented by just one food, what would it be?

What one invention would you uninvent and why?

Mac or PC?

When scrolling through Instagram, do you prefer celebrity posts or ones from your friends?

Would you rather be a master at every musical instrument or fluent in every language in the world?

What is your favorite family-friendly board game?

If you were a transformer, what vehicle would you turn into?

If you were reincarnated as an animal based on your personality, what animal do you think you would come back as?

What futuristic thing from a sci-fi movie or book do you really wish existed right now?

If you could be a top tier professional athlete in any sport, what sport would you play and why?

Jogging or Hiking?

What thoughts instantly make you feel more relaxed?

Couch or Recliner?

What is something you really dislike but have no good reason for disliking?

Is a hot dog a sandwich?

If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?

While studying: music, no music, or other?
